docs(security): Add more details in docs (#27681)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/hive-security.rst

File Based Authorization
------------------------

> The config file is specified using JSON and is composed of four sections,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file is specified using JSON and is composed of four sections,
```

each of which is a list of rules that are matched in the order specified
in the config file. The user is granted the privileges from the first

> matching rule. In case no rule is specified with file based authorization,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
matching rule. If no rule is specified with file based authorization,
```

> the user does not have permissions to access any of the tables/schemas, set session properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the user does not have permissions to access any of the tables or schemas, to set session properties
```

> or run any procedures on the hive connector based catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or run any procedures on the catalog.
```

> All regexes default to ``.*`` if not specified provided the required field from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

All regexes default to ``.*`` if not specified provided the required field from the
```
Suggest a paragraph break here.
